Cockpit 213 (#300)
cockpit-project/cockpit-project.github.io: _posts/2020-02-19-cockpit-213.md

---
title: Cockpit 213
author: mvo
date: 2020-02-19
tags: cockpit linux
slug: cockpit-213
category: release
summary: Cockpit with documentation and virtual machine improvements
comments: 'true'
---

Cockpit is the [modern Linux admin interface](https://cockpit-project.org/). We release regularly. Here are the release notes from version 213.

### Inline documentation

Cockpit has started to include documentation for specific features,

> such as network bonds:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
such as network bonds.
```

![Feature documentation](/images/network-inline-docs.png){:.screenshot}

We plan to expand this in the future and add many more short
documentation popups.

> ### Support for transient virtual machines

Reviewer 2: Traditionally we have prefixed the sections with the affected page,  like "Machines:". I don't have a strong opinion about it, I consider it editorial freedom. Just mentioning it FTR.

Author: I think we don't need it, tbh, since the titles all mention "virtual machines", and the doc one is not about a specific page.

Not all operations make sense for transient virtual machines, and
Cockpit is now aware of that:

![Transient virtual machines](/images/transient-vms.png){:.screenshot}

### Virtual machines can now use UEFI

> Cockpit now supports selecting UEFI as the formware for a new virtual

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cockpit now supports selecting UEFI as the firmware for a new virtual
```

> machine.  This needs to be done before the first boot of that machine:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
machine.  This needs to be done before the first boot of that machine.
```

I don't think the colon (`:`)is needed here.

![Firmware selection](/images/vm-firmware-selection.png){:.screenshot}

### Unattended virtual machine installation

> When creating a virtual machine with a supported OS, Cockpit can now

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When creating a virtual machine with a supported OS, Cockpit can
```

> install and configure that OS automatically, without you having to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
install and configure the OS automatically, without requiring interactions.
```

> interact with the OS installer:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
